---
layout: for-sale-details.hbs
tags: cars-for-sale
date: 2019-06-19
title: "1930 M-Type chassis #2M1536"
summary: "This car had not been fully restored and is close to original condition."
price: $25,000
photos: 6
---
This car had not been fully restored and is close to original condition.  Some
of the woodwork does have worm holes, dating from its time in England, but
other that that, the wood is alright. Past English owners replaced the
original 3-speed gearbox with a 4-speed gearbox, and moved the gasoline tank
from the engine compartment to the boot together with installation of an SU
fuel pump. I do not know when the engine was replaced, or where the 4-speed
gearbox came from.

I understand the last English owner used the car for hill climbing. The car
was last shown publicly by myself at the 2003 GoF West at Long Beach,
California next to the Queen Mary.  It is listed on the Triple M register of
the MG Car Club in the UK as number 45.  Have second UK owner registration
book listing owners from 1941 to 1962.  The car was imported into the USA in
1964 and was in storage from 1989 to 1999. Some spare parts are included
consisting of two wire wheels, a solid copper head gasket, and a crown wheel
for the differential.

The car is currently registered and licensed as roadworthy and I can drive around.

**Model:**   MG M

**Model Year:**         1930

**Chassis Number:** 2/M1536  (the 6 may be an 8, hard to read)

**Engine Number:**                 MG3043A (current) MG1305A (original)

**Registration No. Calif.:**  4FON913   **Orig. UK No.:** VC4992

**Color:** Black (current colour)  Red (original colour)

**Place of Original Purchase:**            UK

**Notes:**      4 speed gearbox

Please contact Lance Wayman at [lance.wayman@gmail.com](lance.wayman@gmail.com)
if you would like to make an offer on this car or have any questions.
