---
layout: for-sale-details.hbs
tags: cars-for-sale
date: 2019-05-02
title: "1930 M-Type chassis #2M1281"
summary: "For restoration, mostly complete with factory records."
price: $10,000
photos: 8
---
Car No. 2M1281 of 3,235 built from 1929 to 1932. The car is recorded in the factory
records as receiving a final road test on March 27, 1930, and was first purchased on June
4, 1930.

A 1929 MG M-Type was advertised for sale in the October 1965 issue of Road and
Track. An American man agreed to purchase the car and have it shipped to Los Angeles.
Delays occurred in shipping the car and it did not arrive in Los Angeles until late
December 1965. The car was apparently placed into storage where it remained for the
next 42 years.

In 2007 the present owner purchased the car and it has again remained stored in a garage
with other cars.

All historical documents including an original copy of the October 1965 issue of Road
and Track and copies of the original factory records are included in the sale of the MG
M-Type. The MG was last registered in California in the current owner’s name.

The engine turns over on the starting handle, the camshaft and valves can be observed to
operate. No attempt has been made to start the engine while in my possession. An
incomplete original 1.0”dia. SU carburetor is installed at present, an identical carburetor
in better condition is included in the sale.

The gearbox would originally have been a three speed unit. The car as bought has what is
probably a later Morris or Austin 4 speed gearbox although it is not connected to the
engine.

The car does have a spare wheel, a hood frame, and the remnants of a hood to be used as
a pattern to make a replacement if required.

At some time the car’s life, a previous owner fitted semaphore type turn signal indicators
to the sides of the scuttle. The scuttle was also modified to be metal covered.

Contact Paul at [oldcoventrian@gmail.com](mailto:oldcoventrian@gmail.com)
<br>More pictures available upon request.
