---
layout: for-sale-details.hbs
tags: cars-for-sale
date: 2019-02-21
title: "1932 MG F1 Magna Stiles Special Threesome chassis #F0948"
summary: 30 of these cars were made in 1930-32. They were designed by Fred Stiles with coachwork by James Young of Bromley. There are only 5 known to exist with the original body/chassis combination and this is the only one in North America.
photos: 4
---
Chassis #F0948 body #12119 engine #1210AF

30 of these cars were made in 1930-32. They were designed by Fred Stiles with coachwork by James Young of Bromley.

There are only 5 known to exist with the original body/chassis combination and this is the only one in North America.

We have complete documentation of all the previous owners, including the first, Dr. Frankis Tilney Evans who presented it to his wife on her birthday in May of 1932.

The color combinations are original and verified by the paint found on the body and chassis and in the Stiles Company Sales brochure.

The original 6 cylinder ohc. 1271cc engine, transmission and drive train are in the car and were refurbished during the frame up restoration.

There is extensive documentation & vintage photos including some of the previous owners and history of the original Owner.
 
This car has been invited to many Concours Shows and has been recognized with awards, including The Amelia Award, AACA
S.F. Edge National Award and Best in Class at The Greenwich Concours, The Arizona Concours and invited to The Elegance at
Hershey to name a few.

The following link can be accessed Online for more pictures and information on the F1 Magna

[https://www.conceptcarz.com/vehicle/z9120/mg-f-type-magna.aspx](https://www.conceptcarz.com/vehicle/z9120/mg-f-type-magna.aspx)

The car can be seen at the Cincinnati Concours d’Elegance June 9, 2019 Celebrating the 95th Anniversary of MG
For a complete list of awards, history, documentation and SALE PRICE, contact Malcolm at [architec.vt@gmail.com](mailto:architec.vt@gmail.com) cell (802) 793 0352
