---
layout: for-sale-details.hbs
tags: cars-for-sale
date: 2018-07-20
title: "1933 L2 2 seater swept wing chassis #L2002"
summary:  Exceptionally genuine example with all major original body panels in superb condition. Painted in original Duo Tone Red with matching Collingburn interior. Subject of a comprehensive and exhaustive 7 year restoration by the current owner in preparation for both the show circuit and vintage racing.
price: $150,000
photos: 4
---
1933 MG L2 Magna, Car # 002 MG L2 Magna, Chassis L2002, first registered 19/4/33 as MG 2415, sold by University Motors and still retaining its original “U.M.L. Claim plate”. This is an exceptionally genuine example with all major original body panels in superb condition. Painted in original Duo Tone Red with matching Collingburn interior.

This was subject of a comprehensive and exhaustive 7 year restoration by the current owner in preparation for both the show circuit and vintage racing. Very few reproduction parts were used in the restoration of this fine example. The car is well sorted with over 182 hours on the engine (8,000 RPM NE tack fitted with hour meter mounted under floorboards). 1408cc L engine and ENV type 75 gearbox # FG3, rebuilt to full K3 specs with close ratio gearset by Bayton Jones. Fitted with period Marshall IZ87 Supercharger and specially modified 1 ¾” HV6 “J4” carb, producing 10 lbs. boost and approx. 140 HP. This example has a full array of rare period options, including “Malcolm Campbell” 4 spoke factory steering wheel, K3 style remote brake adjuster, fully operational. Auster style plinth mounted Aero screens. Road springs are polished, taped and cord bound per period racing practice. Period correct K3 spec Ki Gass pump. Bonora Radiator Cap. 

Concessions to modern vintage racing includes, well-engineered custom 3” lap belts. Low oil pressure warning light, battery cutoff, oil & water catch tanks. Twin SU pusher pumps mounted in rear. The rear axle contains a clever well engineered “Salisbury” limited slip differential and 8/39 gearset. Rebuilt complete 4 star steel nose 8/39 rear axle and fully rebuilt 4 speed gearbox and all related components to revert to fully original drive train are included. All safety critical original components have been crack tested, H.T. hardware is used on critical suspension components, otherwise all hardware is period correct, machined from the billet, single chamfer and black oxide finished. No detail was overlooked in the painstaking restoration of this magnificent Magna. 

New 19” wheels and recent Blockley tyres are fitted. VSCCA Logbook and huge amount of documentation, correspondence, receipts and a full set of restoration photos to be included. This fine example won its very last vintage race in the hands of the current owner and has won numerous “Best in Show” concours awards, reluctantly offered for sale, visitors welcome for inspection in New Hampshire.

Contact Chris Nowlan by email at [nowlanc@comcast.net](mailto:nowlanc@comcast.net) or 603-673-0939 for a link to a full set of photos via an on-line photo sharing site. 

