---
layout: for-sale-details.hbs
tags: cars-for-sale
date: 2019-08-20
title: "1933 J-Type chassis #J4291"
summary: "1933 MG J2 Swept Wing, Concourse winner, Seeking a Good Home"
price: $45,000 negotiable
photos: 9
---
No expense was spared to make this one of the very best J2's available in the world today.
Best in Class; Niello Concourse Serrano 2010. Second in Class, 2010
Hillsborough Concourse. Full frame-off restoration in 2009 by Martin Hveem
Restoration and Coaches; including new tub & new engine block, both made in
England and imported to U.S. for this restoration (Over $115K documented
cost). Photos of tub fabrication process included. 

Mechanically and aesthetically this car is perfect in every regard. Classic
Cream & Green paint is endlessly deep and lustrous. Matching green leather
interior is buttery-soft premium leather. Racey Brookstone Screens. Minimal
road time since restoration and concourse showing in 2010. A permanent trickle
charger has been inconspicuously installed; plug easily accessible behind
seat.  Electric cooling fan added to radiator to ensure no overheating during
slow-speed driving. Switch hidden under dash but easy to reach. 

Matching green canvas soft-top with small rear window. Full restoration
records available.  Includes original VIN plate (unrestored), authentic 1937
King Edward VIII Coronation badge, 1933 German Road Tour badge, City of London
Squadron Badge, replica 1933 British Vehicle permit, and copy of 1934 factory
warranty issue letter. Bonus: Authentic, unrestored, 1933 Hawaii License plate
and replica of that plate included.

There is not a better J2 Available in original configuration

If you or someone you know would be interested in taking ownership of this beautiful piece of vintage art, please contact me:

Bob Dewitz<br>
[Bdewitz@americanelectric.com](mailto:Bdewitz@americanelectric.com)<br>
Direct: 808-777-5101, Cell 808-371-0216
